https://codepen.io/Khalil_Foulks/pen/VwvyXRq?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that gives meaning to our content.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Used for the structure of our website.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    It provides additional information about an HTML element. It goes inside the starting tag. 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 is used for the most important information on the page. It should be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <input>
    <select>
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header></header>
    
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a selector that can only be used once per HTML page.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any HTML element.
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once per HTML page.

    10. What is a class? 
    A type of selector.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any HTML element.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute provides an alternate text for an image.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is semantic and adds meaning.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for styling a web page.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{ 

    };
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id is a unique selector that is only used once in HTML. A class is a selector that can be used many times within the same HTML. You would use a id slector for first name. 
    A class selector could be used for styling headers in a certain way.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class{

    };
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{

    };
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child selector selects all children elements that are within the parent element. This is useful when you want to specify the styles that will be applied to an element.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a:link .sidebar{

    };

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, like when you hover your mouse over something.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 2px;

    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:lowercase
    text-transform:uppercase
    text-transform:capitalize
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border:1px dotted black;

    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm fileName
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control keeps track of changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can go back to pervious versions later.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 mins or after every major change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    
    Navigate to the Lambda project Repository on github.com
    Fork the Repository
    Navigate to settings within forked repo
    Add your TL as a collaborator
    Clone the Repo by clicking the green button and copying the link
    open the Terminal(Mac OS) or Gitbash(Win) 
    Type cd <directoryName> in gitbash; <directoryName is where the name of directory where the repo will be stored locally
    Type git clone <link-to-repo> in gitbash; link-to-repo is the link that was copied from github
    Type git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' in Gitbash
    Type code . to open the files in VScode
    Make and save changes in VScode
    Type git add . in Gitbash
    Type git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here"; insert a message in the ""
    Type git push -u origin branch-name in Gitbash; branch name is firstname-lastname
    Go back to forked repo in github
    Submit pull request
    change base repository to forked repo
    add TL to reviewers
    wait for TL to review the forked repo




Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 